	
	PROJECT: https://codepen.io/NateTheWebDev/pen/abzarmG?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
	HTML that is written semantically, meaning the HTML has meaning. Such as <p> for paragraph and <address> for address instead of <item_!0o2> that only the original developer knew what it meant.

    2. What is HTML used for? 
	Creating web pages, web apps, cross platform interfaces, etc.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
	An HTML attribute is an additional piece of information that is inside the opening brackets of an HTML element such as <input name="akljska">.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
	An h1 tag is used for the biggest header in the h1-h6 list. It is recommended to use it once if possible and at the top of the page. (search engines)

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
	
	XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
	The websites meta lays in the <head></head> section. Such as <title> and other meta tags.

    7. What is an id? 
	An id is another HTML identifier usually used to specify one specific element.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
	All elements.

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
	An id should only be used once.

    10. What is a class? 
	A class is a css identifier assigned to an HTML element.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
	A class can be used as many times as you want on any element.

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
	As many times as needed.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
	With a target="_blank" attribute.

    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
	The alt attribute is used for screenreaders to be able to have a description of an image.

    15. How do I reference an id?
	#idname

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
	Sections defined large sections of HTML elements on a page while a div is used for "division" of elements.

    17. What is CSS used for? 
	CSS is used for styling websites.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
	h2 {css here}

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
	A class is used for multiple elements. An id is used to single out a specific element. A class could be used for all buttons that you give the same styling to. An id may be used for a specific title you want to add effect to.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
	.classname

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
	p.human {css here}
	
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
	When you select a parent element then select an element that is the child of the first such as div p {css}. This could be useful selecting a group of paragraphs in a certain div without assigning a class

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
	div a.sidebar {csshere}	

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
	A pseudo selector is used for things such as events like p:hover {css here}

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
	line-height in css. Or quickly using a <br> in HTML

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
	letter-spacing

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
	* { 
	text-transform: changes here
	}

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
	div {
	border: 1px dotted black;
	}

    29. How do I select everything on the page?
	The * selector

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
	/* hajhdaj */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
	
	
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
	You can type ls to see where you are. 

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
	You can remvoe a file with rm filename. Be careful because it never comes back and doesnt go to the recycle bin

    34. Why should I use version control? 
	Test different ways of creating projects or being able to revert changes or see what changes have been made that could have broke something. 

    35. How often should I commit to github?
	After completing a milestone in a task. If its a big task maybe every 30 minutes.

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
	git push

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
	Fork the repo, add TL as collaborator, clone the repo, create a branch with your firstname-lastname as the name, submit pull request into the branch.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
	An inline element takes up the space it contains and elements can be places aside it while a block element takes up the entire section and elements will be moved to the next line.

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 